there was also a lot for the tribe of
there was also a lot for the tribe of manasseh for he was the firstborn of
manasseh for he was the firstborn of
manasseh for he was the firstborn of Joseph namely fur maker the firstborn of
Joseph namely fur maker the firstborn of
Joseph namely fur maker the firstborn of Manasseh the father of Gilead because he
Manasseh the father of Gilead because he
Manasseh the father of Gilead because he was a man of war therefore he was given
was a man of war therefore he was given
was a man of war therefore he was given Gilead and they should and there was a
Gilead and they should and there was a
Gilead and they should and there was a lot for the rest of the children of
lot for the rest of the children of
lot for the rest of the children of Manasseh according to their families for
Manasseh according to their families for
Manasseh according to their families for the children of a by Iza the children of
the children of a by Iza the children of
the children of a by Iza the children of heal ik the children of Isreal the
heal ik the children of Isreal the
heal ik the children of Isreal the children of Shechem the children loved
children of Shechem the children loved
children of Shechem the children loved heithir and the children of Shem maiden
heithir and the children of Shem maiden
heithir and the children of Shem maiden these were the male children of Manasseh
these were the male children of Manasseh
these were the male children of Manasseh the son of Joseph according to their
the son of Joseph according to their
the son of Joseph according to their families but Salafi had the son of Haifa
families but Salafi had the son of Haifa
families but Salafi had the son of Haifa for son of Gilead the son of Makia the
for son of Gilead the son of Makia the
for son of Gilead the son of Makia the son of Manasseh had no sons but only
son of Manasseh had no sons but only
son of Manasseh had no sons but only daughters and these other names of his
daughters and these other names of his
daughters and these other names of his daughters malla Noah Hagler Milkha and
daughters malla Noah Hagler Milkha and
daughters malla Noah Hagler Milkha and Tessa and they came near before Eleazar
Tessa and they came near before Eleazar
Tessa and they came near before Eleazar the priest before Joshua the son of nun
the priest before Joshua the son of nun
the priest before Joshua the son of nun and before the rulers the LORD commanded
and before the rulers the LORD commanded
and before the rulers the LORD commanded Moses to give us an inheritance among
Moses to give us an inheritance among
Moses to give us an inheritance among our brothers therefore according to the
our brothers therefore according to the
our brothers therefore according to the commandment of the Lord he gave them an
commandment of the Lord he gave them an
commandment of the Lord he gave them an inheritance among their fathers brothers
inheritance among their fathers brothers
inheritance among their fathers brothers 10 shares fell to Manasseh
10 shares fell to Manasseh
10 shares fell to Manasseh besides the land of Gilead and Batian
besides the land of Gilead and Batian
besides the land of Gilead and Batian which were on the other side of the
which were on the other side of the
which were on the other side of the Jordan because the daughters of Manasseh
Jordan because the daughters of Manasseh
Jordan because the daughters of Manasseh received an inheritance among his sons
received an inheritance among his sons
received an inheritance among his sons and the rest of Manasses sons had the
and the rest of Manasses sons had the
and the rest of Manasses sons had the land of Gilead and the territory of
land of Gilead and the territory of
land of Gilead and the territory of Manasseh was from Asha to make meth but
Manasseh was from Asha to make meth but
Manasseh was from Asha to make meth but lies east of Shechem and the border went
lies east of Shechem and the border went
lies east of Shechem and the border went along south to the inhabitants of
along south to the inhabitants of
along south to the inhabitants of Entebbe Manasseh had the land of Capua
Entebbe Manasseh had the land of Capua
Entebbe Manasseh had the land of Capua but appear on the border of Manasseh
but appear on the border of Manasseh
but appear on the border of Manasseh belonged to the children of Ephraim and
belonged to the children of Ephraim and
belonged to the children of Ephraim and the border descended to the brook caner
the border descended to the brook caner
the border descended to the brook caner southward to the brook these cities of
southward to the brook these cities of
southward to the brook these cities of Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh
Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh
Ephraim are among the cities of Manasseh the border of Manasseh was on the north
the border of Manasseh was on the north
the border of Manasseh was on the north side of the brook and it ended at the
side of the brook and it ended at the
side of the brook and it ended at the sea southward
sea southward
sea southward it was Ephraim's northward it was
it was Ephraim's northward it was
it was Ephraim's northward it was Manassas and the sea was it's bordered
Manassas and the sea was it's bordered
Manassas and the sea was it's bordered Vanessa's territory was adjoining Asha
Vanessa's territory was adjoining Asha
Vanessa's territory was adjoining Asha on the north and Asaka on the east and
on the north and Asaka on the east and
on the north and Asaka on the east and in Asaka and in Asher Manasseh had
in Asaka and in Asher Manasseh had
in Asaka and in Asher Manasseh had better Sheehan and its towns a bloom and
better Sheehan and its towns a bloom and
better Sheehan and its towns a bloom and it's towns the inhabitants of door and
it's towns the inhabitants of door and
it's towns the inhabitants of door and it's towns the inhabitants of Endor and
it's towns the inhabitants of Endor and
it's towns the inhabitants of Endor and it stands the inhabitants of tannic and
it stands the inhabitants of tannic and
it stands the inhabitants of tannic and it's towns and the inhabitants of
it's towns and the inhabitants of
it's towns and the inhabitants of Megiddo and it's towns three hilly
Megiddo and it's towns three hilly
Megiddo and it's towns three hilly regions yet the children of Manasseh
regions yet the children of Manasseh
regions yet the children of Manasseh could not drive out the inhabitants of
could not drive out the inhabitants of
could not drive out the inhabitants of those cities but the Canaanites were
those cities but the Canaanites were
those cities but the Canaanites were determined to dwell in that land and it
determined to dwell in that land and it
determined to dwell in that land and it happened when the children of Israel
happened when the children of Israel
happened when the children of Israel grew strong that they put the Canaanites
grew strong that they put the Canaanites
grew strong that they put the Canaanites to forced labour but did not utterly
to forced labour but did not utterly
to forced labour but did not utterly drive them out then the children of
drive them out then the children of
drive them out then the children of Joseph spoke to Joshua why have you
Joseph spoke to Joshua why have you
Joseph spoke to Joshua why have you given us only one muck and one share to
given us only one muck and one share to
given us only one muck and one share to inherit since we are a great people and
inherit since we are a great people and
inherit since we are a great people and as much as the Lord has blessed us until
as much as the Lord has blessed us until
as much as the Lord has blessed us until now if you are a great people then go up
now if you are a great people then go up
now if you are a great people then go up to the forest country and clear a place
to the forest country and clear a place
to the forest country and clear a place for yourself there in the land of the
for yourself there in the land of the
for yourself there in the land of the parasites and the Giants since the
parasites and the Giants since the
parasites and the Giants since the mountains of Ephraim are too confined
mountains of Ephraim are too confined
mountains of Ephraim are too confined for you the mountain country is not
for you the mountain country is not
for you the mountain country is not enough for us and all the Canaanites who
enough for us and all the Canaanites who
enough for us and all the Canaanites who dwell in the land of the valley have
dwell in the land of the valley have
dwell in the land of the valley have chariots of iron both those who are of
chariots of iron both those who are of
chariots of iron both those who are of Beth Chien and it's towns and those who
Beth Chien and it's towns and those who
Beth Chien and it's towns and those who are of the valley of Jezreel and Joshua
are of the valley of Jezreel and Joshua
are of the valley of Jezreel and Joshua spoke to the house of Joseph to ephraim
spoke to the house of Joseph to ephraim
spoke to the house of Joseph to ephraim and manasseh
and manasseh
and manasseh you are a great people and have great
you are a great people and have great
you are a great people and have great power you shall not have only one lot
power you shall not have only one lot
power you shall not have only one lot but the mountain country shall be yours
but the mountain country shall be yours
but the mountain country shall be yours although it is wooded you shall cut it
although it is wooded you shall cut it
although it is wooded you shall cut it down and it's farthest extent shall be
down and it's farthest extent shall be
down and it's farthest extent shall be yours for you shall drive out the
yours for you shall drive out the
yours for you shall drive out the Canaanites though they have iron
Canaanites though they have iron
Canaanites though they have iron chariots and are strong